# Terms of Service

You (“You” or “Customer”) acknowledge that by using the Net2Phone products and services that are being provided to you as set forth in any quote, order form or addendum, including, but not limited to, unified communication services, collaboration services and any associated software, hardware or web-based platform (and each of their applicable features and ancillary solutions) (collectively referred to herein as the “Service”), You agree to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service. If You do not wish to be bound by these Terms of Service, You may not use the Service. Net2Phone Global Services, LLC (“We” or “Net2Phone”) may modify these Terms of Service without notice to You and such modifications shall be deemed effective immediately upon posting of the modified Terms of Service. You agree to review these Terms of Service periodically to be aware of such modifications and Your continued access or use of Service constitutes Your acceptance to be bound by the revised Terms of Service. Net2Phone and Customer may be referred to herein together as the “Parties” and individually as a “Party.”

1. **Rights Granted.**
   
   Subject to the terms of these Terms of Service, Net2Phone grants You the right to use the Service. All rights not expressly granted under these Terms of Service are retained by Net2Phone.

2. **Signing up for the Service.**
   
   Upon signing up for the Service and establishing a Service account (an “Account”) and at subsequent times as requested by Net2Phone, You agree to provide to Net2Phone Your true, accurate, current, and complete personal name and/or business name, billing and shipping addresses, all addresses where the Service is to be used, 911 registered addresses for all Equipment (“911 Location”), email address, contact phone number, credit card information, and other information which Net2Phone deems necessary to administer Your Account or to provide the Service to You (“Customer Information”). You represent and warrant that the Customer Information You provide is accurate, current, and complete, and agree to promptly update any of the information if it changes. If You provide Customer Information that is, or that Net2Phone suspects to be, false, inaccurate, not current, incomplete, fraudulent, or otherwise unlawful, Net2Phone has the right, in its sole discretion, to immediately suspend or terminate the Service to You.

3. **Additional Features and Services.**
   
   Additional features and services may be added and made available to You in the future and will be governed by these Terms of Service and applicable additional terms and conditions.

4. **Accounts.**

   The Account owner shall be the legal entity (e.g., corporation, partnership, individual) that signs up for the Service with Net2Phone. If no legal entity is provided upon sign-up, then the Account owner will be the owner of the credit card (or alternative method of payment) used to open the Account. Subsequent changes to ownership must be supported by appropriate legal documentation. If Net2Phone is unable to determine the valid owner of the Account, Net2Phone reserves the right to suspend and/or terminate the Service.

5. **Customer Information.**

   You hereby grant to Net2Phone a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to copy, store, record, transmit, display, print, and use Customer Information to the extent required to provide or improve the Service, always in accordance with applicable law. We may also use Customer Information for other purposes such as to provide You with information about features of the Service, to contact You for updates to Your Account information, and to provide You with marketing and promotional material about the Service as well as Net2Phone’s other products and services. We may also share Your Customer Information with third parties that are underlying vendors of Service and to transfer Customer Information to or from the United States and/or to or from other countries deemed by Net2Phone to have adequate data protection laws, but only as necessary to provide the Service to You. You hereby agree that Net2Phone may send You (and any other user of the Service connected to Your Account) marketing and promotional materials via e-mail, regular mail, or any other medium; provided that You may unsubscribe to such materials at any time by notifying Net2Phone Customer Support. Net2Phone may disclose or provide access to Your Customer Information pursuant to a judicial or other governmental request or order.

6. **Prohibited Uses.**

   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Net2Phone reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to immediately and without notice terminate the Service to You (and generally) for any use of the Service or any other action that causes a disruption in Net2Phone’s network integrity, or directly or indirectly threatens or compromises the security of Net2Phone, its vendors, or the Service or that otherwise violates this Section 6. Customer agrees, represents, and warrants that it will use the Service for its own internal use only, and will not resell, transfer or charge for the Service or Equipment without the express written permission of Net2Phone. Permitted use of the Service does not include certain activities including, but not limited to autodialing, transmitting any material that contains viruses, time bombs, trojan horses, worms, malware, spyware, or any other programs that may be harmful or dangerous, spoofing, continuous or extensive call forwarding, continuous connectivity, fax broadcast, fax blasting, polling, transmitting any material that may infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate the foreign or domestic intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties, telemarketing (including without limitation charitable or political solicitation, junk faxing, fax spamming, calling/faxing any person through the use of distribution lists or otherwise who has not given specific permission to be included in such a process) or any other activity that would be inconsistent with reasonable business usage. Customer shall not transmit through the Service any unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, indecent, or otherwise objectionable communications or material of any kind or nature. Customer further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, violate the intellectual property rights of others, give rise to civil or criminal liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international statute, regulation, or other law. You agree that You will, at all times, comply with all applicable laws, including but not limited to the Truth in Caller ID Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act (CAN-SPAM). You further agree that you will not use a fax line to place voice calls. Any use found to be inconsistent with any of the restrictions set forth herein may result in the immediate termination of the Service. You also understand that Net2Phone may immediately suspend or terminate Your right to use the Service without liability of any kind if (a) You use the Service to send or transmit any unsolicited communications or advertisements, or (b) in Net2Phone's sole discretion, Your use of the Service exceeds what would be expected of normal business use, or (c) Your use of the text messaging feature of the Service is not typical of human message origination and termination or if there is an abnormal imbalance of inbound and outbound messaging. Net2Phone reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to block access to certain high cost/premium locations. Please contact Net2Phone Customer Support for more information. You agree that Net2Phone is entitled to record and/or monitor Your use of the Service. By accessing or using the Service, You consent to such recording and monitoring. You are solely responsible for informing anyone with whom You interacts or otherwise communicate via the Service that information uploaded to or in any way passing through the Service, including written, visual or oral communications or other electronic means, may be recorded or monitored.

7. **Intellectual Property Rights.**

   You acknowledge and agree that any and all patents, copyrights, trademarks, logos, slogans, service marks, trade secrets, and all other intellectual property rights (collectively, "Proprietary Rights") in the Equipment and the Service are and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Net2Phone and its licensors and suppliers. Nothing in these Terms of Service shall be construed to grant, transfer, or assign any Proprietary Rights to, or vest any Proprietary Rights in, Customer or any third party. You are only entitled to the limited use of the rights expressly granted to You in these Terms of Service, as may be amended from time to time. The Services, the systems and methods that it accesses, and/or the related services provided are covered by one or more patents or patents pending in the U.S. or elsewhere. You will not take any action to jeopardize, limit, or interfere with Net2Phone’s or a third party’s Proprietary Rights. You acknowledge and agree that any unauthorized use of the Proprietary Rights is a violation of these Terms of Service, as well as a violation of applicable intellectual property laws. You acknowledge and understand that all title and rights in and to any third-party content that may be accessed through the Service is the property of the respective content owners and may be protected by applicable intellectual property laws. You agree and acknowledge that any breach of the provisions regarding intellectual property ownership contained in these Terms of Service shall cause Net2Phone irreparable harm and Net2Phone may obtain injunctive relief and seek all other remedies available in law and in equity.

8. **No Modifications.**

   You agree not to undertake, cause, permit, or authorize the modification, creation of derivative works, translation, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling, or hacking of the Equipment or the Service, or any component thereof. You agree not to misappropriate, intercept, capture, emulate, decrypt, or redirect the communications protocols used by Net2Phone for any purpose, including connecting to any computer server, PBX, or other device not authorized by Net2Phone or in a manner not authorized by Net2Phone.

9. **Telephone Number.**

   Telephone numbers provided by Net2Phone to You (“Phone Number(s)”) are licensed to You pursuant to these Terms of Service. Net2Phone reserves the right to change or cancel international Phone Numbers at its sole discretion.

10. **Number Porting.**

    Net2Phone cannot guarantee that requested telephone numbers will be available or that Your existing provider will port Your number(s). For porting numbers into Your Net2Phone Account, please contact Net2Phone Customer Support. Net2Phone will use reasonable efforts to facilitate number transfers or port requests for You, provided that You comply with the necessary and specific procedures for porting between service providers. Net2Phone does not guarantee the successful porting of numbers to Your Account. You acknowledge and understand that Net2Phone will not be liable for the failure or delay of any third party to cooperate in the porting of any telephone number, or for the unauthorized porting of any telephone number by a third party. For porting phone numbers out of Your Net2Phone Account, follow the procedures of Your new service provider. You understand that porting phone numbers out of Your Account does not automatically terminate Your Account.

11. **Conditions.**

    Customer acknowledges and agrees that Net2Phone's obligations to provide the Service are expressly conditioned upon (i) Net2Phone’s receipt of all payments due hereunder, and (ii) Customer's satisfaction of the technical requirements set forth herein, including possession of properly configured Equipment and the provision of accurate Customer Information to Net2Phone.

12. **Payment and Money Back Guarantee.**
    
    The Service is provided to You on a monthly prepaid basis. All pricing is in United States dollars. Upon Your sign up for the Service, Net2Phone will charge Your credit card (or alternative method of payment, as approved by Net2Phone) a deposit in an amount equal to the applicable monthly recurring fees and charges for one month of Service plus any applicable Equipment and other fees. For billing purposes, Your start of Service date (“Service Date”) will commence on the earlier of (i) one month following Your sign up for the Service; and (ii) the date of actual service activation on the Net2Phone platform. You are responsible and will be charged for all non-recurring fees (i.e., international calls, toll free numbers, etc.) incurred by You. Call charges are rounded up to the next full cent. By way of example, a 15-minute inbound toll-free call that is rated at $0.015 per minute will be rounded to a $0.23 charge in our billing system. You understand that Your first invoice may be pro-rated. If you do not cancel the Service during the first thirty (30) days following registration, then the deposit (less any non-recurring charges incurred by You) will be applied to the month of Service following the Service Date. If You are paying for the Service with a credit card, then You agree that prior to the provision of any Service by Net2Phone, You will provide Net2Phone with Your credit card information and You authorize Net2Phone to bill Your credit card on a monthly basis. You agree to advise and notify us of any changes to Your credit card information, such as credit card account number or expiration date changes. If the credit card on Your account is declined or fails for any reason, or if you otherwise fail to make payment by the applicable due date then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Net2Phone reserves the right to disconnect Your Service immediately without notice and to terminate Your Account (and Net2Phone reserves the right to continue to attempt charging Your credit card for any outstanding Service charges and additional fees due and owing at the time). Your ability to utilize the Service is contingent upon Net2Phone’s prior receipt of payment for the month in which the Service is to be utilized. You are liable for any transactions or activities by You or anyone else that occur on Your Account, and in no event shall Net2Phone be liable for any unauthorized use of Your Account. Any payments not received by the due date will bear interest at a rate of one and one-half percent (1½ %) per month or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is less, from the due date until paid in full.

    If You are unsatisfied with the Service for any reason in the first thirty (30) days after Your sign up for the Service, then you may cancel and be eligible for a refund of Equipment (less a re-stocking fee) and monthly recurring fees as long as you comply with the RMA instructions and Section 14, both of which are set forth below. This money back guarantee does not apply to non-recurring charges incurred by You nor to any renewals or add-on lines or services added after your initial order. This money back guarantee does not apply if You are found to be in violation of these Terms of Service. Net2Phone reserves the right to revoke this money back guarantee at any time without prior notice. **In order to be valid, any cancellation of Services by You, at any time, must be made in writing and sent to [cancel@net2phone.com](mailto:cancel@net2phone.com).**

13. **Taxes and Other Fees.**
    
    List prices for the Service and Equipment do not include any customs, duties, sales, use, value added, excise, federal, state, local, public utility, universal service, E-911 taxes and fees or other surcharges and fees. All such taxes, surcharges and fees shall be paid by Customer and will be added to any amounts otherwise charged to Customer. If any amounts paid for the Service or Equipment are refunded by Net2Phone, applicable taxes, surcharges and fees may not be refundable. All taxes, surcharges, and fees are subject to change at any time.

    Regulatory Compliance Fee. We impose a monthly Regulatory Compliance Fee (“RCF”) in order to recover expenses We incur in connection with contributions to various funds and other fees and charges incurred as a result of our provision of interstate interconnected VOIP service, including but not limited to CALEA compliance and other compliance costs and fees. RCF is a standard usage charge associated with the Service and is not a government-mandated charge or tax. The RCF is an 9.0% surcharge applied to Your invoice. The RCF is in addition to any other charges and surcharges associated with the Service, and is subject to the Universal Service Fund surcharge, and all other taxes and surcharges.

    Federal Cost Recovery Charge. We impose a monthly Federal Cost Recovery Charge (“FCRC”) associated with the payment of government-imposed fees to support various programs. While this charge is not a tax or charge that the government requires Net2Phone to collect from its customers, it is a charge to recover fees imposed on Net2Phone by governmental entities in order to provide you with service. The FCRC is a 4.3% charge applied to Your invoice. Components of the Federal Cost Recovery Charge include: Federal Regulatory Fee, North American Numbering Plan Fee, Local Number Portability administration and others.

    Emergency 911 Service Fee. We apply an Emergency 911 Service Fee of $0.99 per Service element to recover costs associated with providing 911 service. This is not a government-mandated charge.

    Universal Service Recovery Fee. Net2Phone is required to contribute to the Federal Universal Service Fund, which provides support to promote access to telecommunications services at reasonable rates for those living in rural and high-cost areas, income-eligible consumers, rural health care facilities, and schools and libraries. Net2Phone reserves the right to recover these costs from its Customers. Universal Service Fund rates are set by the Federal Communications Commission and are subject to change.

    Administration Fee. You may also be subject to an Administration Fee which may be imposed to recover costs associated with, among other things, customer support, and Service/Equipment installation and configuration.
  
    Reactivation Fee. Net2Phone reserves the right to charge You a $29.99 Reactivation Fee in the event Net2Phone suspends or terminates Your Account due to non-payment.

14. **Equipment.**

    In order to utilize the Service, You must use compatible telephone equipment (“Equipment”). If You do not possess compatible Equipment, You may purchase Equipment and/or rent Equipment from Net2Phone when You sign up for the Service. Purchase and rental of Equipment shall be pursuant to prevailing prices at the time of Customer’s registration for the Service. Renting Equipment is only permitted as part of a “Service Bundle.” You are responsible for the condition of the Equipment provided to You or which You otherwise utilize for the Service. Except for defects which arise within the applicable warranty period, You are responsible for replacing all lost, stolen or broken Equipment. Replacement charges for Equipment purchased or rented from Net2Phone will be based on the retail price of Equipment (as determined by Net2Phone), plus applicable shipping costs and taxes. You agree to immediately notify Net2Phone of any lost or stolen Equipment. Net2Phone's liability for delivery of Equipment shall cease and all risk of loss or damage shall pass to You, upon delivery to a common carrier for shipment. Equipment sold to You by Net2Phone or rented by You from Net2Phone (as well as replacement Equipment provided to You by Net2Phone) may be refurbished equipment. Other than as expressly set forth herein, Equipment may not be returned by Customer for any reason without prior approval of Net2Phone. All returned Equipment must be returned in its original packaging, fully functional, show no signs of excessive wear and tear (as determined by Net2Phone in its sole discretion), and be accompanied with all manuals, cords, wires, brochures, peripheral devices, and accessories that were originally shipped with the Equipment. Net2Phone may, in its sole discretion, decline Your return and charge You for the full retail value of the Equipment. You are responsible for all return shipping charges for any Equipment returned to Net2Phone for any reason, including situations in which hardware is covered under warranty. The Return Merchandise Authorization process is provided below. All returns that do not conform to the restrictions/procedures set forth in this Section 14 and/or the restrictions/procedures set forth in the Return Merchandise Authorization process set forth below may also be subject to an RMA Administrative Fee per piece of Equipment that will vary depending upon the quality of the returned Equipment. If You are purchasing Equipment on a monthly payment plan or renting Equipment as part of a Service Bundle, then a separate agreement between You and Net2Phone is required. Please contact Net2Phone Customer Support for more information. You agree that Net2Phone’s maximum liability to You or to any third party for any damages arising out of, associated with or related to installation and/or configuration of Equipment and/or the Service, whether such installation and/or configuration is performed by Net2Phone or its contractors/subcontractors, is the amount paid by You to Net2Phone for such installation and/or configuration.

15. **Service Availability.**

    Certain features or ancillary solutions related to the Service may be unavailable or subject to additional terms, restrictions and conditions. You acknowledge and agree that the Service may not be available 100% of the time. Credit allowances for interruption of the Service may be provided on a case-by-case basis at the sole discretion of Net2Phone and shall be Your sole remedy for any Service interruptions. Net2Phone does not warrant that any descriptions, pricing, marketing materials, promotional flyers, advertisements, or other printed or electronic materials or information related to the Service or Equipment is accurate, complete, reliable or comprehensive. The Service Level Agreement for the Net2Phone Hosted PBX Service can be found at the end of these Terms of Service.

16. **Service Changes.**

    You understand and agree that Net2Phone may make modifications or changes to the Service, which will not materially diminish the functionality of the Service, without prior notice to You.

17. **911 Service.** **See accompanying Emergency (911) Services Conditions and Limitations for additional terms and conditions**.
    
    911 Services are only available in connection with the Hosted PBX and SIP Trunking service offerings and are not available in all service areas depending on Your 911 Address. 911 Service availability will be determined based upon the 911 Location You provide to Net2Phone. For Hosted PBX Service, under no circumstances may You alter Your caller ID Information. For SIP Trunking Service, when dialing emergency services, You must use a Net2Phone provided Phone Number as Caller ID that was registered with the location of the handset making the call. Any alteration or failure to properly register the location of the Phone Number, as the case may be, may result in difficulty accessing 911 Services and further result in a $100 surcharge per 911 call You make with such altered caller ID. A loss of electrical power at Your location will result in loss of the Service (including 911 services) during such outage unless You have a backup system. If the connection to the wired broadband Internet over which Your Service is provided is interrupted, You will not have access to the Service during that interruption and will not have access to 911 services during that interruption. In addition to the terms and conditions contained herein, Your use of 911 Services is subject to the Emergency (911) Services Conditions and Limitations set forth below.

18. **Customer Representations & Warranties.**
    
    You represent and warrant that You possess the legal right, capacity, and ability to agree to these Terms of Service. You represent and warrant that You have and will maintain at all times wireless or traditional wireline telephone service that will enable You to call 911 and any other applicable emergency service number and acknowledge that NET2PHONE does not offer primary line or lifeline services. You represent and warrant that You will not use the Service in environments requiring fail-safe performance. You represent and warrant that the Customer Information and all other information provided in connection with Your Net2Phone Account are true and correct at all times. You represent and warrant that You will not use the Equipment or Service in violation of these Terms of Service.

19. **Customer Responsibilities.**

    You are financially responsible for Your use of the Service, including the authorized and unauthorized use of Your Account. In order to use the Service, You must have properly configured and working Internet service and hereby agree, at Your sole expense: to (1) obtain access to Your own Internet service with a third party provider separate to the Service; (2) be responsible for payment of Internet connection and all equipment necessary to establish a connection to such Internet service, as may be required to use the Service; and (3) pay Net2Phone for the Service.

20. **Recording and Monitoring Conversations; Voicemail Transcription.**

    The Service allows You to record individual telephone conversations. You may also purchase tools that will allow You to monitor telephone conversations. The laws regarding the permissibility and notice and consent requirements for recording and monitoring conversations vary from state to state. You are solely responsible for complying with all federal, state, and local laws in any relevant jurisdiction when using these features. Net2Phone expressly disclaims all liability with respect to Your recording and/or monitoring of telephone conversations. You hereby agree to release, hold harmless, and fully indemnify Net2Phone from and against any damages or liabilities of any kind related to Your recording and/or monitoring any telephone conversations using the Service.

    The Voicemail Transcription feature converts audio voicemail messages into text, then emails the text to You and also displays the text in Your Account dashboard. You hereby agree that, in connection with providing You the Service, Net2Phone and/or its licensor(s) have the right to record and store the audio content of such voicemails and to transcribe such content to text. You understand and agree that the Voicemail Transcription feature may not accurately transcribe voicemails. You are solely responsible for checking the original message and verifying the accuracy of the message when using such feature. Net2Phone expressly disclaims all liability with respect to the conversion of voicemails to text.

21. **Termination.**

    In addition to Net2Phone’s right to terminate the Service as set forth in other sections of these Terms of Service or other terms and conditions agreed by You, Net2Phone reserves the right to terminate the Service for convenience upon at least thirty (30) days’ notice to You. Net2Phone shall not be liable to You or any third party for terminating or suspending Your use or access to the Service for any reason. If You are purchasing the Service on a month to month basis (i.e., the Service is not subject to a committed service term) then, subject to the applicable provisions in Section 12, You may cancel the Service for convenience upon at least thirty (30) days’ notice. If You terminate the Service in the middle of a billing cycle, or if Net2Phone terminates the Service as a result of Your breach of these Terms of Service or other terms and conditions agreed by You, You shall not be entitled to any refund or pro ration of any pre-paid amounts, credits, or other amounts paid to Net2Phone prior to the termination or suspension date and early termination fees may apply. Upon expiration, cancellation or termination of the Service, Customer shall relinquish and discontinue use of any voice mail access numbers, logins and/or web portals assigned to Customer by Net2Phone or its vendors. **In order to be valid, any cancellation of Services by You, at any time, must be made in writing and sent to [cancel@net2phone.com](mailto:cancel@net2phone.com).**

22. **Disclaimer of Liability.**

    EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND NET2PHONE MAKES NO WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT WHETHER SAID WARRANTY ARISES UNDER PROVISIONS OF ANY LAW OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY STATE THEREOF. NEITHER NET2PHONE NOR ITS VENDORS WILL BE LIABLE FOR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO NET2PHONE'S OR YOUR TRANSMISSION FACILITIES OR EQUIPMENT OR FOR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OF YOUR DATA FILES, SOUND FILES, PROGRAMS, OR INFORMATION THROUGH ACCIDENT, FRAUDULENT MEANS OR DEVICES, OR ANY OTHER METHOD, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGE OCCURS AS A RESULT OF NET2PHONE'S OR ITS VENDORS' NEGLIGENCE. NEITHER NET2PHONE NOR ITS VENDORS WILL BE LIABLE FOR MALFUNCTIONS OR FAILURES RESULTING FROM MISUSE, ABUSE, NEGLECT, ALTERATION, MODIFICATION, IMPROPER INSTALLATION, OR REPAIRS BY ANYONE. NEITHER NET2PHONE NOR ITS VENDORS WILL BE LIABLE FOR DELAYS OR INTERUPTIONS IN ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICE.

    NET2PHONE MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, ERROR FREE OR THAT ANY DEFECTS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED. NET2PHONE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR MESSAGES OR INFORMATION LOST OR MISDIRECTED DUE TO INTERRUPTIONS OR FLUCTUATIONS IN THE SERVICE OR THE INTERNET IN GENERAL. NET2PHONE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF TRANSMISSIONS OR FOR THE CONTENT OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ANY THIRD PARTY NETWORK USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE. NET2PHONE IS NOT OBLIGATED TO STORE YOUR COMMUNICATIONS LOGS, VOICEMAILS, CALL RECORDINGS, FAXES OR E-MAILS. YOU AGREE THAT NET2PHONE HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR THE DELETION OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY CALL LOG INFORMATION, CALL RECORDINGS, VOICEMAILS, FAXES, E- MAILS, MESSAGES, AND/OR OTHER COMMUNICATIONS MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY THE SERVICE.

23. **Limitation of Liability.**

    IN NO EVENT SHALL NET2PHONE, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, NOR THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, RESELLERS, CONTRACTORS AND LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHETHER ARISING UNDER CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF NET2PHONE HAS BEEN INFORMED IN ADVANCE OF SUCH DAMAGES OR SUCH DAMAGES COULD HAVE BEEN REASONABLY FORESEEN BY NET2PHONE. NET2PHONE'S TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, SHALL BE LIMITED AND CAPPED IN THEIR ENTIRETY TO THE LESSER OF (X) THE MONTHLY FEES NET2PHONE CHARGED YOU DURING THE ONE (1) MONTH IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT THE EVENTS GIVING RISE TO THE ACTION OR CLAIM FIRST OCCURRED, AND (Y) TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS $10,000. THESE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY REFLECT THE ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN THE PARTIES. THE LIMITATIONS SPECIFIED IN THIS SECTION WILL SURVIVE TERMINATION, CANCELLATION OR EXPIRATION OF YOUR SERVICE AND APPLY IN ANY AND ALL CIRCUMSTANCES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW CERTAIN LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY, SO CERTAIN OF THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

24. **Indemnification.**

    To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, You shall indemnify and hold harmless, Net2Phone, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, managers, employees, shareholders licensors, vendors, contractors, agents and resellers, (the "Indemnified Parties") from and against any and all liability, claims, losses (including loss of profits, revenue and goodwill), damages, fines, penalties, injuries to persons or property, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from or related to: (1) the use of or reliance upon the Service by You or any third party acting upon Your permission, knowledge, authority or direction, (2) a breach by You of these Terms of Service, (3) any negligent acts, omissions to act or willful misconduct by You or any third party acting with Your permission, knowledge, authority or direction, (4) Your inability to use the Service or failure or outage of the Service for any reason, including but not limited to those related to calling "911" or other emergency responders, (5) the use of the Service in connection with Your violation of any applicable law, code, regulation, or ordinance, and/or (6) Your misappropriation, breach, violation, or infringement of any right, title or interest of any third party, including but not limited to, contractual rights, intellectual property rights (including patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret rights), rights of privacy, and rights of publicity and personality.

25. **Dispute Resolution.**
    
    **UNDER THIS CLAUSE YOU ARE AGREEING TO WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND ARE AGREEING THAT ALL DISPUTES WILL BE DECIDED BY AN ARBITRATOR, EXCEPT**

    **WITH RESPECT TO THE LIMITED EXCEPTIONS SET FORTH BELOW IN THIS DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION.**

    You agree that You may only resolve disputes with Net2Phone on an individual basis, and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action. You hereby acknowledge that class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations are hereby waived by You. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any suit brought by You arising out of or related to use of the Service or these Terms of Service must be filed within one (1) year after the earlier of: (a) when such claim or cause of action arose; or (b) termination of Service to You, or be forever barred. These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey without giving effect to any conflict of law principles thereof which might require the application of the law of another jurisdiction. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service or your use of the Service shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“Rules”). **To begin an arbitration proceeding against Net2Phone, You must send a letter (via certified mail) to Net2Phone Global Services, LLC, 520 Broad Street, Newark, NJ 07102, Attention: Legal Department, requesting arbitration and describing your claim**. **There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court.** One arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with the Rules. The Parties agree that all arbitration proceedings shall take place exclusively in the State of New Jersey, Essex County. You agree and submit to personal jurisdiction in New Jersey. Any award, order or judgment pursuant to such arbitration shall be deemed final and binding and may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the obligation to arbitrate and any other provisions to the contrary herein, You and Net2Phone agree that: (a) with respect to claims for unpaid invoices Net2Phone may take the dispute to small claims court, if such dispute qualifies for hearing by such court; (b) if You fail to timely pay amounts due, Net2Phone may send your account to a collection agency and the collection agency may pursue in court claims limited strictly to the collection of the past due debt and any interest or cost of collection permitted by law or these Terms of Service; (c) Net2Phone may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights; and (d) any dispute related to or arising from allegations associated with fraudulent or unauthorized use, theft, or piracy of service may be brought in court by Net2Phone. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration **You and Net2Phone each waive any right to a jury trial**.

26. **Force Majeure.**

    Net2Phone shall be excused from any delay or failure in performance hereunder caused by reason of occurrence or contingency beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation, acts of God, pandemics, earthquake, fire, flooding, fiber cuts, actions or inactions of third party providers or suppliers, riots, sabotage, war, government requirements, or other events that are beyond Net2Phone's reasonable control.

27. **Assignment.**

    Net2Phone may assign these Terms of Service and any of its rights and obligations hereunder at any time. You may not transfer or assign these Terms of Service or any of Your rights or obligations under these Terms of Service without Net2Phone’s prior written consent. Any purported transfer or assignment on Your part in violation of this section is void. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms of Service shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.

28. **No waiver of rights; No third-party beneficiaries.**

    Failure of either party at any time to require the other party’s performance of any obligation under these Terms of Service shall not affect the right to require performance of such obligation. Any waiver by either party of any breach of any provision hereof shall not be construed as a waiver of any continuing or succeeding breach of such provision, a waiver or modification of the provision itself, or a waiver of modification of any right under these Terms of Service. The parties agree that there are no third-party beneficiaries to these Terms of Service.

29. **Severability.**

    If any part of these Terms of Service is held invalid or unenforceable, such determination shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other part or provision of this Agreement.

30. **Publicity Rights.**

    You agree that Net2Phone may identify You as a user of the Service in its business deals, press releases, marketing materials, electronic, printed, and broadcast advertising; newsletters, mailings, tradeshows, other promotional materials, on Net2Phone's website, or any other third-party website where Net2Phone or its designated agents may promote the Service. You hereby grant Net2Phone and its agents an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free license (with right to sublicense) to use, reproduce, publish, and display Your name, trademarks, service marks, designs, logos, and symbols in connection with such purpose.

31. **Interpretation.**

    These Terms of Service, including the documents incorporated herein, constitute the entire agreement between You and Net2Phone with respect to the Service and supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter. Nothing in these Terms of Service shall be deemed or construed to constitute or create employment, partnership, association, joint venture, agency, or fiduciary relationship between the parties hereto. The section titles in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.

32. **Miscellaneous.**

    This electronic document and any other electronic documents, policies, and guidelines incorporated herein will be: (1) deemed for all purposes to be a "writing" or "in writing," to comply with all statutory, contractual, and other legal requirements for a writing; (2) legally enforceable as a signed writing; and (3) deemed an "original" when printed from electronic records established and maintained in the ordinary course of business. Electronic documents introduced as evidence in any judicial, arbitration, or administrative proceeding will, if established and maintained in the ordinary course of business, be admissible to the same extent as business records in written form that are similarly established and maintained.

    You may encounter links to the Net2Phone website (the “Site”) on third-party websites. Net2Phone may also display on the Site links to third-party websites. Third-party links are provided to You by Net2Phone solely as a convenience. Access to any of the third-party web sites linked to from any other web site is entirely at Your own risk and is solely governed by the terms and policies applicable to third party web sites, and not these Terms of Service. Accordingly, You should carefully review the privacy and other policies and terms of such third-party websites. Net2Phone in no way implies affiliation, endorsement, or adoption of any linked website, of the owner or operator of such a site, or of any content displayed on such a site. Net2Phone does not control in any way such third-party websites. Net2Phone accepts no responsibility for—and otherwise makes no claim or representation regarding—the quality, content, or reliability of third-party websites or services accessible by link from the Site, or third-party websites linking to the Site. When leaving the Site using a link, You should be aware that these Terms of Service no longer govern Your use of or access to whichever website You may view. You should therefore review the terms of use and privacy practices and procedures of that website. In addition, certain areas of the Site may contain content from other users, and Net2Phone assumes no responsibility for the accuracy, quality, or value of any content, data, documents, graphics, images, information, advice, or opinion contained in any emails, message boards, chat rooms or similar services reflecting user-generated content, and we do not endorse any advice or opinion contained therein. Net2Phone makes no representation that materials on the Site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States or Canada, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You agree to comply with all applicable foreign and domestic laws, rules and regulations regarding the transmission of technical data exported from or imported to the United States or the country in which you reside.

    In order to protect the integrity of its trademarks, Net2Phone prohibits You from using any trademark or service mark appearing on the Site without the prior written consent of Net2Phone or the third-party owner of such mark. Net2Phone and the Net2Phone design logo are registered trademarks and/or service marks of Net2Phone or its parent, affiliates or subsidiaries. Other trademarks appearing on the Site or other sites linked to from the Site are the property of Net2Phone or their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with or connected to Net2Phone or the Services corresponding to the Site.

33. **Five9 Services.**

    If You purchase Five9 services through Net2Phone, then You agree that the following terms and conditions apply to Your relationship with Five9:

    Services and Use. “Services” means the proprietary hosted virtual call center software and system provided by Five9, Inc. (“Five9”). Customer agrees not to (i) license, sublicense, sell, resell, transfer, assign, distribute or otherwise commercially exploit or make the Services available to any third party in any way; (ii) reverse engineer, modify or make derivative works based upon the Services; (iii) input personally identifiable information or other sensitive or protected information into the virtual contact center database fields other than phone numbers; or (iv) use the Services for any purpose other than to support its call center business.

    Data Use and Retention. During the normal operation of the Services, Five9 will collect and store on its systems certain information and data provided or collected by the Customer (“Customer Data”). Customer authorizes Five9 to store Customer Data on its secure internal systems and to use and copy Customer Data solely for the purpose of providing the Services to Customer. Additionally, Customer agrees that Five9 may use non-individually identifiable Customer Data in perpetuity to test, analyze and improve the Services. Five9 will not resell or share any Customer Data with a third party without Customer’s express written authorization. Five9 retains the right to periodically purge Customer Data from Five9’s servers to maximize system performance as set forth and can be found at [www.five9.com/4433.](http://www.five9.com/4433.)

    No Requirement to Offer Emergency Services. Customer understands and acknowledges that Five9 does not and is not required to provide Emergency Service, where “Emergency Service” is defined as services that connect a user to emergency services personnel or a public safety answering point ("PSAP"), pursuant to applicable regulatory requirements. In the United States, Emergency Service is provided by dialing the digits "911" on a wired or a wireless telephone. Services provided by Five9 do not permit the dialing of "911" or any other emergency telephone numbers. Services are not telephone or telecommunications services that can provide a connection to emergency services personnel or a PSAP under any circumstances. Customer recognizes and agrees that Five9 is not required to offer Emergency Service, pursuant to any applicable laws, rules or regulations. Customer further recognizes and agrees that Five9 is not a replacement for Customer's primary telephone service. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND ACCEPTS THAT FIVE9'S SERVICES DO NOT INCLUDE EMERGENCY SERVICE. CUSTOMER UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT ADDITIONAL ARRANGEMENTS WITH A THIRD PARTY MUST BE MADE BY CUSTOMER TO ACCESS EMERGENCY SERVICE.

    Specific Disclaimer of Liability for Emergency Service. Five9 does not provide Emergency Service in conjunction with the Services or any other services that may be used by Customer in connection with the Five9's Services. Neither Five9, its officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates nor agents will be liable for any claim, damage, or loss arising from, or relating to, Customer’s use of the Five9's Services or any other service provided hereunder to contact a PSAP or Emergency Services personnel. Customer specifically waives, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, any and all such claims or causes of action, arising from or relating to the Five9's Services or any other service provided hereunder to contact a PSAP or other Emergency Services personnel. Customer agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Five9, its officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates and agents from any and all claims, losses, damages, fines, penalties, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, court costs and attorneys’ fees) arising out of the fact that Five9 does not offer Emergency Service.

    Legal and Regulatory Compliance. Customer agrees to comply with all federal, state and/or local law related to or connected with providing, selling, licensing and delivering information services and telecommunications services and products. Customer assumes all liability and responsibility for its use of the Services in compliance with any federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations pertaining to the use of telephones, email, fax, automated telephonic equipment (e.g. “Predictive Dialer”) and other telephony and telecommunications products and services. Customer’s limitations on its use of the Services may include but are not limited to: advertisements; delivering artificial or prerecorded telephonic messages to homes without the prior consent of the called party; and restrictions on the time of day in which such calls are permissible. A violation of any such laws may result in substantial penalties and other sanctions. Any person intending to use the Services for solicitation purposes and/or for any other purpose regulated by federal, state or local laws should consult with his or her own legal counsel, prior to entering into this Agreement to determine the extent of permissible activities. Customer agrees that Five9 will not be responsible for Customer's illegal or fraudulent use of the Services, and Customer indemnifies Five9 for any claims, liabilities or expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by Five9 based upon Customer’s illegal or fraudulent use of the Services.

    Suspension or Termination by Five9. Five9 may suspend or cancel Customer’s access to the Services if Five9 has a good faith belief that Customer (x) is using the Services in a manner that may cause immediate and ongoing harm to Five9 or to a third party, including but not limited to, actions that violate federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations, such as compliance with "Do Not Call Lists"; (y) is compromising the security of the Services and the privacy of Five9's other customers; or (z) is engaging in other

    activity not specifically identified herein that could reasonably be construed as causing or potentially causing harm to Five9 or a third party.

    Consents. Customer is solely responsible for obtaining the consent of or a release from those persons or entities, to whom or to which Customer intends to send communications using the Services. Customer agrees to periodically review the list of recipients to be contacted, to contact only those persons who the Customer is legally permitted to contact from Customer’s customer data, and only in the manner permitted, under federal, state and local law, and to delete those recipients that no longer wish to receive communications from Customer.

    "Do Not Call" Compliance. If Customer is advised by any party that they do not wish to receive communications from Customer via the Services, then Customer agrees to promptly add those parties to its internal company-specific Do Not Call List in the Services account, and thereafter refrain from calling such parties until such time as Customer’s policies require.

    Call Recordings. Customer acknowledges and understands that if it subscribes to call recording features that calls will be recorded at all times including when a call is placed on hold or after a call is transferred to another party. Customer agrees that when using the call recording features it will comply with all notice/consent and privacy requirements pursuant to applicable law.

    Limitation of Liability. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL FIVE9 BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER SIMILAR GENERAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR COSTS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT NOR SHALL FIVE9’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED ALL FEES PAID BY CUSTOMER FOR ANY FIVE9 SERVICES IN THE ONE (1) YEAR PERIOD PRIOR TO THE DATE OF THE EVENT THAT GAVE RISE TO THE LIABILITY.

    Disclaimer of Five9 Warranties. FIVE9 IS PROVIDING THE SERVICES AS HOSTED SERVICES AND THE SERVICES ARE DELIVERED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. FIVE9 DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT ALL COMMUNICATIONS WILL BE DELIVERED, NOR DOES FIVE9 MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO ANY RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED BY USE OF THE SERVICES. FIVE9 MAKES NO WARRANTIES EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, IN RELATION TO THE SERVICES. Customer

    understands that the Services may be inaccessible or inoperable due to scheduled periodic maintenance and upgrades pursuant, or for reasons beyond Five9's reasonable control including but not limited to (i) Customer or Five9 equipment malfunctions; or (ii) service interruptions caused by independent telecommunications providers that provide voice and data connectivity to Five9’s or the Customer’s data centers.

    Ownership of Materials and Rights. All rights not granted by Five9 herein are expressly reserved. The Services are proprietary to Five9 and are protected by intellectual property laws and international intellectual property treaties. Except for the access to and use the Services granted to Customer in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall convey, transfer or assign any right, title or interest in the Services to Customer.

***

**Emergency (911) Services Conditions and Limitations**

YOUR SAFETY IS OF THE UTMOST IMPORTANCE TO NET2PHONE. THIS IS WHY THE HOSTED PBX AND SIP TRUNKING SERVICE OFFERINGS OFFER AN EMERGENCY CALLING FEATURE THAT PERMITS YOU TO DIAL 9-1-1 TO REACH EMERGENCY PERSONNEL. HOWEVER, THE 911-TYPE SERVICE OFFERED THROUGH THE HOSTED PBX AND SIP TRUNKING SERVICE OFFERINGS IS FUNDAMENTALLY DIFFERENT IN SEVERAL IMPORTANT WAYS FROM TRADITIONAL WIRELINE AND WIRELESS 911 EMERGENCY ACCESS SERVICES. NET2PHONE 911-TYPE SERVICE IS NOT A REPLACEMENT TO THE TRADITIONAL LOCAL WIRELINE 911 SERVICES OFFERED OVER THE PUBLIC SWITCHED TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORK AND WIRELESS 911 SERVICES IN YOUR LOCAL SERVICE AREA. NET2PHONE AND ITS THIRD PARTY UNDERLYING PROVIDERS CANNOT GUARANTEE THE RELIABILITY OF THE 911-TYPE DIALING FEATURES OF THE HOSTED PBX AND SIP TRUNKING SERVICE OFFERINGS. FOR HOSTED PBX SERVICES, NET2PHONE'S LIMITED 911-TYPE SERVICE IS AVAILABLE ONLY ON NET2PHONE AUTHORIZED HOSTED PBX EQUIPMENT (HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS “EQUIPMENT”), AND FOR SIP TRUNKING SERVICES, ONLY ON SUPPORTED SIP DEVICES (HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS “DEVICE”). YOU MUST PROPERLY ACTIVATE AND INSTALL YOUR EQUIPMENT/DEVICE AND ENSURE THAT THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO NET2PHONE IS ACCURATE. YOU MUST ALSO INFORM ANY OTHER PERSONS WHO MAY BE PRESENT AT THE PHYSICAL LOCATION WHERE YOU UTILIZE THE SERVICE OF THE CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF THE SERVICE’S 911-TYPE DIALING AND THE NON-AVAILABILITY OF TRADITIONAL 911 SERVICES FROM YOUR EQUIPMENT/DEVICE AND SERVICE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTAND THAT NET2PHONE HAS APPRISED YOU OF THE CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF THE EMERGENCY (911) SERVICES AS SET FORTH HEREIN. NET2PHONE STRONGLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU ALWAYS MAINTAIN AN ALTERNATE MEANS OF REACHING AN EMERGENCY (911) OPERATOR IN CASE OF AN EMERGENCY.

Service Outage, Power Failure or Disruption

Your 911-type dialing will not function in the event of a power failure or disruption in Service. Should there be an interruption in power or broadband connection (including wireless broadband connection where applicable) for any reason whatsoever, the Service and 911 dialing will not function unless and until power and service is fully restored. In the event of a power failure you may be required to reset your Equipment, Device, routers, modems and/or switches prior to utilizing the Service or dialing 9-1-1. Service outages or termination of service by your broadband provider and/or ISP or by Net2Phone will prevent ALL Service including emergency (911) dialing. You acknowledge and understand that if there is a service outage for ANY reason, such outage will prevent ALL Service, including emergency (911) dialing.

Use of TDD or TTY Devices

Your emergency 911-type service may not be fully compatible with all types of TDD or TTY devices for the hearing impaired and where such devices are used to make calls, neither Net2Phone nor Net2Phone's third party providers hold themselves out as providing or enabling Net2Phone to provide emergency services compatible with any TDD/TTY or other hearing impaired devices.

Connecting Your Equipment/Device

The emergency (911)-type service will not function unless you have successfully configured and connected your Equipment or Device and provided accurate and updated information to Net2Phone. Even if you properly connect your Equipment or Device and receive a dial tone, there may still be a delay in time when your emergency (911)-type dialing feature is fully activated. You cannot dial emergency (911) services unless and until you have confirmation that your Equipment or Device is operational as described herein, and your billable service has begun.

Failure to Designate the Correct Service Address When Activating 911 Dialing or Moving Your Equipment or Device

Your Service Address is the physical address that you provided during the sign-up process. The Service Address is the physical location from where you intend to use your Equipment or Device. Where the Service Address is visible to the emergency response operator, this is where emergency personnel will be sent to if you cannot communicate your actual physical location if different from your Service Address.

For Hosted PBX service, if you have more than one handset at your Service Address and each handset has a different number, you must make sure that the Service Address corresponds to each number where your handset is physically located. If you move your handset to a location other than your primary Service Address, you may not be able to place emergency calls or your calls could be misrouted to the incorrect emergency operator or incorrect emergency service personnel, or emergency personnel could be dispatched to the wrong address.

For SIP Trunking service, you must make sure to register a unique Phone Number with Net2Phone for each handset being utilized with your Device, provide and register with Net2Phone the accurate location of the handset, and make sure that when dialing 911, you send the proper Phone Number provided by Net2Phone which has the Service Address of the handset’s registered location. If you send a Phone Number that wasn’t registered for emergency services or with another address other than the service address of the handset placing the call, you may not be able to place emergency calls or your calls could be misrouted to the incorrect emergency operator or incorrect emergency service personnel, or emergency personnel could be dispatched to the wrong address.

Net2Phone does NOT recommend that you use the Equipment or Device to dial emergency access services if you move your Equipment or Device away from your registered Service Address.

Changing Your Service Address and Use of Service Outside the United States/Canada

If you want to change your registered Service Address, you must contact Net2Phone's Customer Service at [support@net2phoneoffice.com](mailto:support@net2phoneoffice.com) to update your address and determine whether emergency (911)-type services are available at the new location. Emergency (911)-type dialing is not available in all service areas. Emergency (911)-type service will NOT function outside of the United States/Canada. If Emergency (911)-type service is available at your new Service Address, it may be necessary for Net2Phone to assign a new phone number to you.

Network Congestion

There is a greater possibility of network congestion and/or reduced speed in the routing of an emergency (911) call made from your Service as compared to traditional 911 dialing over wireline or wireless public telephone networks.

Automated Number Identification

The emergency dispatcher or administrative operator may not be able to identify your phone number when you dial emergency (911) using the Service. Existing emergency response systems are not always technically capable of receiving and/or passing routing information properly. Accordingly, emergency personnel may not be able to identify your phone number in order to call you back if your call is not completed, dropped or disconnected, or if you are unable to speak to tell the emergency dispatcher or operator your phone number and/or if the Service is not operational for any reason. If you enable any call redirection services with your Service such as Call Forwarding or Call Block, emergency personnel may not be able to call you back if your call is disconnected for any reason.

Automated Location Identification (E911)

Emergency personnel will be dispatched to your registered Service Address. This may or may not be the actual physical location of your Equipment or Device if you registered an incorrect or false Service Address or moved the Equipment or Device without updating your registered Service Address with Net2Phone. If you dial 911, you must immediately tell the dispatcher your location (or the location of the emergency, if different). You must also not disconnect the line as the dispatcher may need a phone number to use to call you back. If you are unable to speak and describe your location, the emergency dispatcher may not be able to locate you or dispatch emergency personnel to the correct location. You will need to state the nature of the emergency promptly and clearly, including your location. You acknowledge and understand that emergency operators and emergency personnel will not be able to find your location if the call is not completed, dropped or disconnected, if you are unable to speak to tell them your location and/or if the Service is not operational for any reason.

Security Systems and other Non-voice Communications Equipment

By agreeing to Net2Phone's Conditions and Limitations of Emergency (911) Services, you hereby waive any claim against Net2Phone and Net2Phone's third party providers for interference with or disruption of your security systems and any and all other communications or electronic equipment that may occur due to your use of the Services and Equipment or Device.

Local Number Portability

The Conditions and Limitations of Emergency (911) Services apply even if you are porting your number to the Service. If your Equipment or Device is not yet activated as of the Port Effective Date (the date on which your phone service is transferred to the Service), your existing phone service for the number you are transferring will be disconnected and you will have no service for that line. To avoid an interruption in your phone service, it is extremely important that you properly install your Equipment or Device prior to, or on, the Port Effective Date. An estimate of the Port Effective Date will be provided to you by Net2Phone via e-mail following your completion of the ordering process.

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification

You acknowledge that the 911-type dialing offered in connection with the Hosted PBX and SIP Trunking service offerings is NOT the same as traditional 911 dialing, and does not necessarily include all of the capabilities of traditional 911 dialing. You further acknowledge that the emergency (911) services hereunder may not work under all circumstances and is not as reliable as traditional 911 and E911 dialing.

IN NO EVENT SHALL NET2PHONE, ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR UNDERLYING SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY COSTS OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, RELIANCE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, ARISING IN ANY MANNER FROM ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM RELATING TO THE FAILURE OF THE SERVICE'S 911-TYPE DIALING AND/OR INABILITY OF YOU OR ANY USER OF YOUR SERVICE TO BE ABLE TO DIAL 911, TO ACCESS EMERGENCY SERVICE PERSONNEL, TO ACCESS THE CORRECT PUBLIC SERVICE ANSWERING POINT ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR TELEPHONE NUMBER, OR TO CORRECTLY ROUTE AN EMERGENCY CALL. YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY, AND HOLD HARMLESS NET2PHONE, ITS PARENT, AFFILIATES AND SUBSIDIARIES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND UNDERLYING SERVICE PROVIDERS, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LOSSES, DAMAGES, FINES, PENALTIES, COSTS AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEY FEES) BY, OR ON BEHALF OF, YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY OR USER OF THE SERVICE.

Release

By purchasing the Service, you hereby expressly release Net2Phone, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and underlying service providers from any and all liability associated with your use of the 911-type service offered through the Service.

Sole Remedy

Your sole and exclusive remedies are expressly set forth in the Terms of Service including these Conditions and Limitations of Emergency (911) Services. Some jurisdictions may not permit the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties, and some jurisdictions may not permit the limitations or exclusion of incidental or consequential damages, so certain of the above exclusions may not apply. In such jurisdictions, the liability of Net2Phone, its directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents and underlying service providers shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.

**RMA INSTRUCTIONS AND FEES**

**To Recieve an RMA for Hosted PBX Equipment**

*   Contact support at support@net2phoneoffice.com to begin the process.
*   Provide the following to a support technician: Account name, Account shipping address, contact email address, RMA type, product name, serial number and MAC address (if applicable), and a reason for return of the product.
*   A NET2PHONE support technician will troubleshoot the problem with the Customer to verify issues.
*   An RMA number will be provided to the Customer for the return of the product(s) under warranty. The Customer must then provide a replacement shipping address.
*   All replacements will be of like kind or better condition at the discretion of NET2PHONE.

Returning RMA Products

*   All products are to be returned with the original manufacturer’s packaging.
*   All original parts and materials (cords, connectors, power supplies, CD’s, books, etc.) must be included.
*   The product must be packed properly in a shipping box, with the RMA number visible on the outside.
*   Customer is responsible for freight back to NET2PHONE, unless otherwise agreed in writing.
*   Product must be returned to Net2Phone within 10 business days of receiving an RMA number.

Product should be returned to:

Net2Phone

8 Shelter Drive, Dock 1

GREER SC 29650

RMA# \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Product (s) returned without an RMA number may be immediately returned to You at Your cost or subject to a $12 “unknown product fee,” in Net2Phone’s sole discretion.

For further information regarding Advance Replacement and Return For Credit policies and charges, please contact Net2Phone Customer Support.

**RMA Fees**

A $40.00 re-stocking fees applies per piece of Equipment. Shipping and handling charges are not refundable**.** A charge for the full retail price of the Equipment (as determined by Net2Phone) will be made to Your Account if the Equipment is not returned within 10 business days of Your receiving an RMA number or if the Equipment is not returned in accordance with the RMA instructions and Section 14 above.

RMA Administrative Fee – Will vary depending upon the quality of the returned Equipment.

**SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT – NET2PHONE HOSTED PBX**

The following Service Level Agreement (“SLA”) defines Net2Phone’s sole responsibility and Customer’s sole remedy regarding interruptions in Net2Phone’s Hosted PBX Service.

**DEFINITIONS**

“Base Phone Terminal Fee” means the base monthly recurring fee paid by the Customer for a Hosted PBX Phone Terminal and excludes fees associated with add-on features and usage-based charges.

“Planned Network Maintenance” means normal maintenance scheduled for the upgrade of Net2Phone’s network and platform used to deliver the Hosted PBX Service to Customer. Scheduled Maintenance may occur at any time during our maintenance window of 12:00AM – 5:00AM ET.

“Urgent Network Maintenance” means Net2Phone’s efforts to correct network conditions that are likely to cause service outages or severe network performance degradation impacting multiple customers and requiring immediate action. Urgent Maintenance may degrade the quality of the Hosted PBX Service including possible outages. Net2Phone’s policy is to notify the Customer with as much advance notice as possible under the circumstance prior to performing such maintenance.

All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Terms of Service.

**Service Interruptions**

A credit allowance will be given for interruptions in the Hosted PBX Service preventing inbound or outbound calling in excess of 30 minutes. The time attributed toward Hosted PBX Service unavailability begins when a trouble ticket reporting the outage is opened by Customer with Net2Phone and ends when the affected Hosted PBX Service is again operational. Two or more interruptions of 15-minutes or more during any one 24-hour period will be combined into one cumulative interruption.

**Length of Interruption Per Calendar Month**

**Credit Per Affected** **Phone Terminal**

30 minutes to 1 hour

1 days’ Base Phone Terminal Fees

1 hour 1 minute to 24 hours

3 days’ Base Phone Terminal Fees

24 hours or more

15 days’ Base Phone Terminal Fees

No credit allowance will be made for any interruption in Hosted PBX Service:

1.  Due to Planned Network Maintenance or Urgent Network Maintenance
2.  Due to Customer’s noncompliance with the provisions of Net2Phone’s Terms of Service (including its payment terms)
3.  Due to the failure of power at the Customer’s premises
4.  Due to the failure of Equipment or router/networking equipment
5.  Due to the failure of equipment, systems, connections or services not provided by Net2Phone (including service interruption by Customer’s internet service provider)
6.  Due to circumstances or causes beyond the reasonable control of Net2Phone
7.  During any period in which Net2Phone is not given full and free access to Customer’s premises

\*Customer’s inability to access the web-based voice portal will not give rise to service credits.

**Other Terms and Conditions**

The total combined credits applied to Customer’s Account in any given month will not exceed Customer’s total Base Phone Terminal Fees for such month.

For purposes of calculating the service credit, one (1) day credit is equal to 1/30.33 of Customer’s Base Phone Terminal Fees at the time of the outage for the Hosted PBX services adversely affected.

Request for credits must be made in writing to Net2Phone within thirty (30) days from the date that Customer opened the trouble ticket reporting the service interruption. Net2Phone will investigate the claim and, if validated, will issue a credit within two (2) billing cycles. Customer will cooperate with Net2Phone in any service interruption investigations.

Net2Phone reserves the right to change, amend, or revise this SLA at any time. Changes or revisions to this SLA will be deemed effective upon posting the applicable revision on the Site.

Updated: September 2020
